---------------------------------
-	Analysis.txt		-
-	by Zeb Hollinger	-
---------------------------------

/* Choosing the correctional polynomial size */
Since there was no specified order of polynomial to use for the correctional
polynomial, that meant that some testing had to be done. This way I would be
positive that the order of polynomial I chose is the one that best fits the
'ideal' data. To do this, I generated the coefficients for polynomials 
of order 2 through 5. This was done by the help of the hw11.c which takes 
in the realData and finds a solution vector / polynomial for any order.
I tested each order of poly in the correction.c file and ran
'make correct' which calculates the error using detError. I compared that
data from each correctional polynomial as well as comparing each one to 
the base error to make sure that I wasn't taking a step back by increasing
the error. 

In this case each correctional poly reduced the 'Norm of residuals' error, 
and both 'R Squared' and 'Pearson's Correlation' also neared a value of 1. 
This statement was true until I tested a poly of order 5 which ended up with
a larger Norm of residuals error than the previous poly did. This is how I 
ended up using the order 4 correctional polynomial.


/* Analyzing the measured data */
We used input parsing (get_opt_long), and a data set in hw11.c to apply
our knowledge about least squares approximation to produce a polynomial
of any order > 1 that fits the data as best as possible. The method for 
solving the solution vector was done by using the Normal mode Least squares
by using the GSL library to do Matrix and vector math. 

The best polynomial was then put into correction.c which was then used
to produce data that was plotted on a graph along with the two other curves
that used the raw data from the 'realDevice' and the ideal data. It's hard
to see on the PNG, but the corrected line is green and almost identically 
matches the ideal line on the graph. This is what we want to see because that
means that by using the Least squares data fitting method allowed us to match
the ideal data perfectly. 

